Document recommended workflow for burning USB stick from Windows (#215)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/bare-metal.adoc

NOTE: You can boot the live ISO in either legacy BIOS or UEFI mode, regardless of what mode the OS will use once installed.

> - Burn the ISO to disk (on Windows using rufus-3.13p.exe in DD Image mode is known to give correct results).

Reviewer: WDYT of something like

```suggestion
- Burn the ISO to disk. On Linux and macOS, you can use `dd`. On Windows, you can use https://rufus.ie/[Rufus] in "DD Image" mode).
```

?

Author: @jlebon I believe it to be an improvement, thanks!
